Azure AD is not a cloud version of Windows Server Active Directory
 A tenant represents the organization and the default directory assigned to it.
 Subscriptions in Azure are both a billing entity and a security boundary
 Each subscription also has a single account owner
 subscription billing can be transfered to another account 
 One user can be in multiple Azure AD
 Azure AD region cannot be changed later
 Azure AD Connect is a separate service that allows you to synchronize a traditional Active Directory with your Azure AD instance
  Azure AD administrator can create security group
  Dynamic user assignment in a group require Azure AD Premium P1 license
 Custom role creation requires Azure AD Premium P1 or P2 and cannot be done in the free tier.
 Azure AD Connect replaces older versions of identity integration tools, such as DirSync and Azure AD Sync
 self-service password reset (SSPR)
 The security questions method isn't available to accounts that are associated with an administrator role.
 SSPR isn't available in the free edition of Azure AD.
 Multiple subscriptions can be cpombined in a management group.
 Azure AD Roles: (Global Administrator, User Administrator, Billiing Administrator)
 RBAC Roles: (Owner, Contributor, Reader, User Access Administrator)
Azure RBAC roles apply to Azure resources, and Azure AD roles apply to Azure AD resources (particularly users, groups, and domains)
By default, a Global Administrator doesn't have access to Azure resources.
Role Assignment:
Who (Security Principal) (User, Group, Application)
What (Role Definition) (Read, Write, Delete)
Where (Scope) (management Group, Subscription, Resource Group, Resource)
Users with the roles User Access Administrator or Owner can create or assign custom roles in Azure RBAC.
A resource can have up to 50 tags. 
The name is limited to 512 characters for all types of resources except storage accounts, which have a limit of 128 characters. The tag value is limited to 256 characters for all types of resources. T
ags aren't inherited from parent resources. 
Not all resource types support tags, and tags can't be applied to classic resources.
Resource locks can be applied to subscriptions, resource groups, and to individual resources
If you are starting to migrate to the cloud, a useful tool you can use to predict your cost savings is the Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) calculator
Resizing a VM requires it to be stopped, resized, and then restarted.
PaaS is typically less expensive than IaaS.

 For example, these resources can be moved:

    Azure Storage accounts
    Azure virtual machines
    Azure virtual networks

These resources can't be moved:

    Azure Active Directory domain services
    Azure Backup vaults
    Azure App Service gateways

    If you want to move a virtual machine, all of its dependants must go with it.
    You can't move virtual machines with certificates in Azure Key Vault between subscriptions.
    You can't move virtual machine scale sets with standard load balancers or a standard public IP.
    You can't move any managed disks that are in availability zones to different subscriptions.

When you start a move operation, the resource group holding your resources and the new destination resource group are locked. 
Your moved resources don't change location.

All data written to Azure Storage is automatically encrypted by Storage Service Encryption (SSE) with a 256-bit Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) cipher.
By default, storage accounts accept connections from clients on any network
Currently, Advanced Threat Protection for Azure Storage is available for the Blob service.
Azure Files provides a cloud-based file share for storing and sharing files.
Server Message Block (SMB)
Storage Account:
    Standard performance: Double-digit ms latency, 10,000 IOPS, 300-MBps bandwidth, HDD
    Premium performance: Single-digit ms latency, 100,000 IOPS, 5-GBps bandwidth, SDD
    
    AzCopy 	Command-line tool that offers the best performance, especially for a low volume of small files.
Robocopy 	Command-line tool shipped with Windows and Windows Server. AzCopy is written to be Azure aware and performs better.
Azure Storage Explorer 	Graphical file management utility that runs on Windows, Linux, and macOS.
Azure portal 	Use the portal to import files and folders.
Azure File Sync 	Can be used to do the initial data transfer, and then uninstalled after the data is transferred.
Azure Data Box 	If you have up to 35 TB of data and you need it imported in less than a week.
Azure File Sync supports DACLs.
AzCopy requires a shared access signature (SAS) to authorize access to the share.





 
 
 
 
 
 New-AzureADGroup -Description "Marketing" -DisplayName "Marketing" -MailEnabled $false -SecurityEnabled $true -MailNickName "Marketing"
 
 Azure AD => Subscriptions => rg => resources

scopes (subscriptions, resource groups, or resources)
